hear the word of the Lord you children
hear the word of the Lord you children of Israel for the Lord brings a charge
of Israel for the Lord brings a charge
of Israel for the Lord brings a charge against the inhabitants of the land
against the inhabitants of the land
against the inhabitants of the land there is no truth or mercy or knowledge
there is no truth or mercy or knowledge
there is no truth or mercy or knowledge of God in the land by swearing and lying
of God in the land by swearing and lying
of God in the land by swearing and lying killing and stealing and committing
killing and stealing and committing
killing and stealing and committing adultery they break all restraint with
adultery they break all restraint with
adultery they break all restraint with blood shed upon bloodshed
blood shed upon bloodshed
blood shed upon bloodshed therefore land will mourn and everyone
therefore land will mourn and everyone
therefore land will mourn and everyone who dwells there will waste away with
who dwells there will waste away with
who dwells there will waste away with the beasts of the field and the birds of
the beasts of the field and the birds of
the beasts of the field and the birds of the air even the fish of the sea will be
the air even the fish of the sea will be
the air even the fish of the sea will be taken away now let no man contend or
taken away now let no man contend or
taken away now let no man contend or rebuke another for your people are like
rebuke another for your people are like
rebuke another for your people are like those who contend with the priests
those who contend with the priests
those who contend with the priests therefore you shall stumble in the day
therefore you shall stumble in the day
therefore you shall stumble in the day the prophet also shall stumble with you
the prophet also shall stumble with you
the prophet also shall stumble with you in the night and I will destroy your
in the night and I will destroy your
in the night and I will destroy your mother my people are destroyed for lack
mother my people are destroyed for lack
mother my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge because you have rejected
of knowledge because you have rejected
of knowledge because you have rejected knowledge I also will reject you from
knowledge I also will reject you from
knowledge I also will reject you from being priest for me because you have
being priest for me because you have
being priest for me because you have forgotten the law of your God I also
forgotten the law of your God I also
forgotten the law of your God I also will forget to your children the more
will forget to your children the more
will forget to your children the more they increased the more they sinned
they increased the more they sinned
they increased the more they sinned against me I will change their glory
against me I will change their glory
against me I will change their glory into shame they eat up the sin of my
into shame they eat up the sin of my
into shame they eat up the sin of my people they set their heart on their
people they set their heart on their
people they set their heart on their iniquity and it shall be like people
iniquity and it shall be like people
iniquity and it shall be like people like priests so I will punish them for
like priests so I will punish them for
like priests so I will punish them for their ways and reward them for their
their ways and reward them for their
their ways and reward them for their deeds for they shall eat but not have
deeds for they shall eat but not have
deeds for they shall eat but not have enough
enough
enough they shall commit harlotry but not
they shall commit harlotry but not
they shall commit harlotry but not increase because they have ceased
increase because they have ceased
increase because they have ceased obeying the Lord harlotry wine and new
obeying the Lord harlotry wine and new
obeying the Lord harlotry wine and new wine enslave the heart my people ask
wine enslave the heart my people ask
wine enslave the heart my people ask counsel from their wooden idols and
counsel from their wooden idols and
counsel from their wooden idols and their staff informs them for the spirit
their staff informs them for the spirit
their staff informs them for the spirit of harlotry has caused them to stray and
of harlotry has caused them to stray and
of harlotry has caused them to stray and they have played the harlot against
they have played the harlot against
they have played the harlot against their God they offer sacrifices on the
their God they offer sacrifices on the
their God they offer sacrifices on the mountaintops and burn incense on the
mountaintops and burn incense on the
mountaintops and burn incense on the hills under Oaks poplars and Terrapins
hills under Oaks poplars and Terrapins
hills under Oaks poplars and Terrapins because their shade is good therefore
because their shade is good therefore
because their shade is good therefore your daughter's commit harlotry and your
your daughter's commit harlotry and your
your daughter's commit harlotry and your brides commit adultery
brides commit adultery
brides commit adultery I will not punish your daughters when
I will not punish your daughters when
I will not punish your daughters when they commit harlotry nor your brides
they commit harlotry nor your brides
they commit harlotry nor your brides when they commit adultery for the men
when they commit adultery for the men
when they commit adultery for the men themselves go apart with harlots and
themselves go apart with harlots and
themselves go apart with harlots and offer sacrifices with a ritual harlot
offer sacrifices with a ritual harlot
offer sacrifices with a ritual harlot therefore people who do not understand
therefore people who do not understand
therefore people who do not understand will be trembled though you Israel play
will be trembled though you Israel play
will be trembled though you Israel play the harlot let not Judah offend do not
the harlot let not Judah offend do not
the harlot let not Judah offend do not come up to Gilgal nor go up to beth Evan
come up to Gilgal nor go up to beth Evan
come up to Gilgal nor go up to beth Evan nor swear an oath saying as the Lord
nor swear an oath saying as the Lord
nor swear an oath saying as the Lord lives for Israel is stubborn like a
lives for Israel is stubborn like a
lives for Israel is stubborn like a stubborn calf now the Lord will let them
stubborn calf now the Lord will let them
stubborn calf now the Lord will let them forage like a lamb in the open country
forage like a lamb in the open country
forage like a lamb in the open country Ephraim is joined to idols let him alone
Ephraim is joined to idols let him alone
Ephraim is joined to idols let him alone their drink is rebellion they commit
their drink is rebellion they commit
their drink is rebellion they commit harlotry continually her rulers dearly
harlotry continually her rulers dearly
harlotry continually her rulers dearly love dishonour the wind has wrapped her
love dishonour the wind has wrapped her
love dishonour the wind has wrapped her up in its wings and they shall be
up in its wings and they shall be
up in its wings and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices